README.md, before:

ResourceMonitor
===============

Introduction
------------

ResourceMonitor collects a variety of different phone usage parameters for
further analysis.

ResourceMonitor is available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.uni_bremen.comnets.resourcemonitor).

Known Issues
------------

- Sending mail via gmail does currently not work

Changelog
---------

### 2017-06-21, Version 0.6, Version Code 6

- Fixed several export issues

### 2017-06-19, Version 0.5, Version Code 5

- Store the timestamp when the data was exported into the json object
- Extended the filename for the export to distinguish between different files easily

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.4, Version Code 4

- Start App after upgrade
- Store BLE availablility in json object instead of table
- Store Bluetooth status on App start

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.3, Version Code 3

- Transmit device timezone

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.2, Version Code 2

- Minor changes in the translation

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.1, Version Code 1

- Initial version, code completely rewritten


Contact
-------

If you have any questions or comments, please write to
Jens Dede (jd@comnets.uni-bremen.de)

Commit message:

New version: Submenu with more options, export data to arbitrary destinations, more contact details

README.md, after:

ResourceMonitor
===============

Introduction
------------

ResourceMonitor collects a variety of different phone usage parameters for
further analysis.

ResourceMonitor is available on [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=de.uni_bremen.comnets.resourcemonitor).

Known Issues
------------

- Sending mail via gmail does currently not work

Changelog
---------

### 2017-06-27, Version 0.7, Version Code 7

- Moved some options to sub menu
- Allow data export to any destination (just for the case the user is
  interested in analyzing the data)
- Add more information and contact details

### 2017-06-21, Version 0.6, Version Code 6

- Fixed several export issues

### 2017-06-19, Version 0.5, Version Code 5

- Store the timestamp when the data was exported into the json object
- Extended the filename for the export to distinguish between different files easily

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.4, Version Code 4

- Start App after upgrade
- Store BLE availablility in json object instead of table
- Store Bluetooth status on App start

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.3, Version Code 3

- Transmit device timezone

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.2, Version Code 2

- Minor changes in the translation

### 2017-06-18, Version 0.1, Version Code 1

- Initial version, code completely rewritten


Contact
-------

If you have any questions or comments, please write to
Jens Dede (jd@comnets.uni-bremen.de)
